License for Open Source Projects

Stiftung SIC Java Crypto-Software Development Kit Licence Agreement for
Free Licenses Valid from February 19, 2010, amended May 13, 2011

The Stiftung SIC (Stiftung Secure Information and Communication
Technologies, Inffeldgasse16a, A-8010 Graz, Austria / Europe) hereafter
referred to as "Stiftung SIC" offers to grant licences for the SOFTWARE
defined below according to the following conditions:

1. DEFINITIONS

a. "LICENSEE" refers to the person, organisation or company, to whom the
licenses are granted under this license agreement.

b. The term "SOFTWARE" refers to IAIK Java Crypto Software in any form
(source code, object code or other) including documentation. The
SOFTWARE is the sole property of Stiftung SIC and protected by Austrian,
International Copyright Law, e.g. the Revised Berne Convention, and the
US Copyright Act.

c. "IAIK Java Crypto Software" means either IAIK-JCE, iSaSiLk or any
other Java-based Crypto-Software development kit which usually consists
of source code (if applicable; for source licences only), Java byte code
or any other form of object code. The Software and additional tools are
distributed in documentation, manuals, user guides, sample application
code, tools - including any revisions, patches and updates delivered or
downloaded by the LICENSEE.

d. "IAIK Java Crypto Software Runtime Modules" means the runtime object
code modules provided with, or derived from, an IAIK-Java-Crypto
Software Development Kit, which are usually distributed as a
Java-Archive in JAR or ZIP-Format, or in any other format suitable for
use by application programmes or other software.

e. "IAIK-Crypto Software based Application" means any computer programme
created by the LICENSEE using any of the IAIK-Toolkits, with the
exception of server software, which is considered as a different
category.

f. "Server software" means IAIK-Crypto Software based applications run
or published on a server (like but not limited to a web server).
Examples for server software are applets, midlets, servlets, CGI-scripts
or software that is run on a server.

g. "To publish" means that an application is retrievable or accessible
from a certain server, but not installed on another machine.

h. "DERIVED SOFTWARE" refers to software (excluding any of our SOFTWARE)
in any form (source code, object code or other) that uses the IAIK Java
Crypto Software Runtime Modules. It also includes parts where LICENSEE
acts as a licensor or sub-licensor.

i. “Open Source Software Development” means development under an
ACCEPTED LICENSE.

j. "ACCEPTED LICENSE" means the following licenses:

j1. GPL Version 2, June 1991 (http: //www.fsf.org/licenses/gpl.html).

j2. European Union Public License (EUPL) Version 1.1, January 2009
(http://www.osor.eu/eupl) - for distribution under compatible licenses
defined in the licenses above or under any other license, the LICENSEE
needs explicit permission by Stiftung SIC.

2. GRANTING of LICENCES Stiftung SIC grants free licenses of the
SOFTWARE for development of free of charge open source software. The
SOFTWARE may be distributed bundled with the free of charge open source
software in binary form only. The type of open source development is
generally unrestricted; the only exception is a product that contains or
is an API or a service of which most of the functionality is provided by
the SOFTWARE. The derived product must not offer features that are
similar to that of the SOFTWARE. This means, this license does not allow
developing a product that contains or is a wrapper around the SOFTWARE.

The LICENSEE and his licensees are granted a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to run and redistribute the IAIK Java Crypto
Software Runtime Modules in unmodified, binary form under the following
conditions.

 * The LICENSEE and his licensees are not permitted to charge any
   royalties or fees for DERIVED SOFTWARE.

 * The LICENSEE of "IAIK Java Crypto Software Runtime Modules", has to
   make the source code of his product publicly available under an
   ACCEPTED LICENSE.

 * The LICENSEE is further hereby obliged and authorized to bind his
   licensees to all these conditions.

If LICENSEE licenses DERIVED SOFTWARE under any other free software
licensing scheme that is similar to an ACCEPTED LICENSE, it may be
possible to grant a free license. Stiftung SIC will decide on this
individually after inspecting the intended use and license conditions.

This free license shall NOT be construed or otherwise interpreted as any
kind of express or implied representation that this SOFTWARE is
licensable under an ACCEPTED LICENSE or any free license other than the
one laid out in this document.

3. LIMITATIONS for all LICENCES: LICENSEES must not attempt to reverse
engineer, decompile, disassemble, reverse, translate or in any other
manner decode the computer programmes in the IAIK-Toolkit in order to
derive the source code there from.

ATTENTION: THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT DOES NOT INCLUDE LICENSING OF THE
INCLUDED ALGORITHMS, when appropriate. Please see
http://jce.iaik.tugraz.at/sic/sales/patent_issues_algorithms for a
summary of the licence/patent status situation of algorithms used in
IAIK-JCE. It is the sole responsibility of LICENSEES to ensure the
legality of using the IAIK-Crypto software in their countries. Stiftung
SIC declares that to the best of its knowledge all parts of the
IAIK-Toolkits have been developed by Austrian citizens, except for the
HTTP implementation (w3c_http.jar) delivered with the iSaSiLk
distribution and free third party libraries (like Apache Xalan or
Xerces) that may be delivered with the toolkits for convenience. The
implementation of the Camellia cipher algorithm core has been provided
by NTT (Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation) under BSD licence
terms
(see http://jce.iaik.tugraz.at/sic/sales/patent_issues_algorithms).

4. TERMS of LICENSE: Free licenses for development of free of charge
open source software under ACCEPTED LICENSES are perpetual. Stiftung SIC
has no obligation to continue making free updates or new versions
available for LICENSEE

5. DELIVERY: Free licenses are made available by download only.

6. WARRANTY: Stiftung SIC guarantees that the SOFTWARE is free of any
computer virus or other malicious hidden routines that would
intentionally cause damage to or corrupt data, storage media or
equipment.

The SOFTWARE is provided "as is" and except for the declaration and
warranty stated in this Section, Stiftung SIC makes no representations,
conditions or warranties, either express or implied, relative to the
IAIK-Toolkit or services provided hereunder, including all implied
conditions or warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose and all conditions with respect to intellectual property
infringement.

7. PROPRIETARY INFORMATION and CONFIDENTIALITY: The LICENSEE
acknowledges that the SOFTWARE remains the property of, and is
confidential to, Stiftung SIC and incorporates trade secrets of Stiftung
SIC, and that Stiftung SIC shall have the exclusive right to any
copyrights or patents in respect of the SOFTWARE. The LICENSEE agrees to
maintain the confidentiality of the SOFTWARE. The LICENSEE further
agrees that (with the exception of paragraph 2 above), he shall not make
any disclosure of the SOFTWARE (including copies thereof or methods or
concepts utilised therein) to any person or entity, other than employees
of the LICENSEE, to whom such disclosure is necessary in order to use
the SOFTWARE as provided herein. The LICENSEE shall appropriately notify
each employee to whom any such disclosure is made. Such disclosure must
be made in confidence and shall be kept in confidence by the employee in
question. The LICENSEE agrees to use diligent and determined efforts to
secure and protect the SOFTWARE and copies thereof in a manner
consistent with their proprietary character and the maintenance of
LICENSOR`s rights therein, and without limitation thereof, to take
appropriate action, by instruction or agreement with its employees who
are permitted access to the SOFTWARE or copies thereof, or otherwise, to
satisfy its obligations as hereby stated.

8. TERMINATION: Stiftung SIC may terminate this Agreement without prior
notice, if the LICENSEE 1. neglects or fails to perform or observe, or
correct a breach of its obligations to Stiftung SIC; 2. goes out of
business, files a bankruptcy petition or has such a petition filed
involuntarily against it or becomes insolvent; 3. develops, sells,
licenses or distributes or attempts to develop, sell, license or
distribute any software based on the IAIK-Toolkit which is outside the
scope of the limited rights granted herein, to any third party. In the
event of such a termination, the LICENSEE shall immediately delete all
electronic versions from his systems and ensure that all backup copies
are destroyed as well.

9. LIABILITY: To the maximum extent allowed by applicable law Stiftung
SIC shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without
limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption,
loss of business information, or other pecuniary loss) arising out of
the use of or inability to use the IAIK-Toolkit, even if Stiftung SIC
has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

10. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS: In some countries, the IAIK-Toolkits may be
subject to export and import restrictions. Their re-export may require
the approval of the competent authorities. The LICENSEE shall be liable
for the observance of any control regulation and explicitly agrees to
hold Stiftung SIC fully harmless.

11. WAIVER: Invalidity, on legal grounds, of any term of this Agreement
does not render the Agreement as a whole invalid.

12. SURVIVAL: Irrespective of expiration or termination of this
Agreement, the provisions of Articles 2, 4, and 8 shall survive the
termination or the expiry of this Agreement.

13. GOVERNING LAW, ARBITRATION: This Agreement is governed by Austrian
law.

